WK2-1923 Add valuations guide (#106)
wealthkernel/api-documentation-guides: docs/valuations/FAQs.md

---
tags: [Valuations]
---

# Valuations FAQs

## What transactions are included in a valuation?

All transactions belonging to the portfolio with a timestamp on or before a valuation's date will be reflected in the valuation.

## Can a valuation change once calculated?

> Yes, although valuations are dated daily, transactions can be booked that affect existing valuations, causing their values to change. For example, an incorrectly dated Dividend transaction being rebooked for the correct date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Although valuations are updated daily, transactions can be recorded retroactively, impacting existing valuations. For example, an incorrectly dated Dividend transaction may be rebooked for the correct date.
```
